Organizing Your Javascript Code: Update note of Factories vs Classes (#26677)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/classes.md

4. Classes can have [static properties and methods](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Classes/static) which are properties and methods that are accessed on the class itself and not on the instance of a class. This is similar to how some string methods are accessed on the instance of a string itself e.g. `someString.slice(0, 5)` whereas some methods are called on the String constructor directly e.g. `String.fromCharCode(79, 100, 105, 110)`.

> 5.  [This article](https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/is-class-in-es6-the-new-bad-part-6c4e6fe1ee65) provides some pros and cons for classes. [FunFunFunction's video on Composition over Inheritance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfMtDGfHWpA) elaborates on the cons mentioned in the article and does a great job of going over the topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  Read [this article covering opinions regarding the pros and cons of classes](https://medium.com/@rajaraodv/is-class-in-es6-the-new-bad-part-6c4e6fe1ee65). [FunFunFunction's video on Composition over Inheritance](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wfMtDGfHWpA) elaborates on the cons mentioned in the article and does a great job of going over the topic.
```

I would like to propose this change to make the link more descriptive. I do think that including the word "opinions" could be helpful here since that's what we're dealing with. Let me know what you think!

Author: Sounds good! I can start working on it tomorrow. Shall I wait for more input before starting?

Reviewer: @Ariech You don't have to wait :) You can also click the `Commit Suggestion` button if you want to directly commit my proposal. That will add a new commit right here without you having to locally edit the file.

Author: @ManonLef Done, thank you for the help! The `Commit Suggestion` seems like a neat feature :)
